doc: Fix missing templates + add documentation process in CONTRIBUTING.md (#1092)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: CONTRIBUTING.md

- The examples of resources and datasources in the documentation must follow the [Terraform style guidelines](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/style)
- Check your documentation through [Terraform Doc Preview Tool](https://registry.terraform.io/tools/doc-preview)
- When adding a documentation page, use the `subcategory:` tag in the [YAML Frontmatter](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/registry/providers/docs#yaml-frontmatter) with a value equals to the product name defined in the OVHcloud [product map](https://www.product-map.ovh/)

> - New documentation pages should be added first in the directory `templates/`, with the examples being placed in the `examples/` directory. Once this is done, the content in `docs/` directory must be generated using `tfplugindocs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New documentation pages should be added first in the directory `templates/`, with the examples being placed in the `examples/` directory. Once this is done, the content in `docs/` directory must be generated with [tfplugindocs](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs?tab=readme-ov-file#usage).
```
